Implement Analytics AdAdapter for Bitmovin Player on Android (#60)
bitmovin/bitmovin-analytics-collector-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Development

### Added

- Added Analytics AdAdapter for Bitmovin Player

### Known Issues

> - tracking of metrics `percentageInViewport` and `timeInView` not possible in Android 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- tracking of Ad `percentageInViewport` and `timeInView` is not possible in Android 
```
